Saturday, 2nd may 

Attributes of the classes decided.The concept of main game changed with respect to the board class (to have a single d array for moving the pieces and home array for each player) 

Sunday, 3rd May 

1.The concept of game again changed, no need for inherited classes of the board, will use the same board class for move and home board
2.Constructors of classes made.
3.Dice class completed for now
4.Changed the Piece pointer to a vector of piece pointers in board class
5.now also have to modify things according to it 
6.The teams pointer in ludo game changed from pointer to vector array of teams
7.Multiple definitions and use of undefined errors in class Board, Piece and Player
8. Resolved those error by some forward declarations and by including and excluding some header files of board, piece etc

Monday 4rth May

1.Figured out that our moving array will be of size 13xNumber of Players
As each player area block can be considered as 13 objects of move board	(Shawaze)
2.Added an attribute of Number of Players in the LudoGame Class		
3.Added a vector of player in ludogame class , it was needed to check the validity of piece during selection 
and movement
4. Changed the bool variable tc for changing turn to integer type for resolving the error of multiple kills 
5.changed the input arguments of move, iskill, piece select function 

wednesday 6th may 
1. overloaded a set point function in board class
2. changed the draw function in board class
3. Added a draw home function in board class
4. Changed the size of home array to 5

Thursday 7th may 
1. Changed the array pcs in player class of double pointers to single
2. added and int of nops for size of pieces array in player class

Saturday  9th may 
1. changed the sequence of pushing back in players array to 1 3 4 2
2. Added a add piece function in board class





Final Bugs Left 15May


1. Reverse animation when crossing the array from maximum index to 0
2. Piece draw bug in the Red area
3. Red entering home calculation bug
4. If no moves left turn should change , instead of stuck forever bug 
5. Missing Feature of giving multiple turns to a player in case of killing winning etc
